moving analytics escape hatch to its own section (#1945)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/analytics/fragments/android/escapehatch.md

> For advanced use cases where Amplify does not provide the functionality, you can retrieve the escape hatch to access AWSPinpoint instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For advanced use cases where Amplify does not provide the functionality, you can retrieve the escape hatch to access the underlying Amazon Pinpoint client.
```

<amplify-block-switcher>
<amplify-block name="Java">

```java
AWSPinpointAnalyticsPlugin plugin = (AWSPinpointAnalyticsPlugin) Amplify
        .Analytics

>         .getPlugin("amazonPinpointAnalyticsPlugin");

Reviewer 2: is this correct on android? i think it should be `awsPinpointAnalyticsPlugin`

Author: I just moved this I didnt change it?

Author: fixed this
